1. Best JPG quality: When saving a JPG, select "Advanced Options":

   a. Boost quality to 1.
   b. Set Subsampling to "1x1, 1x1, 1x1"
   c. Set DCT method to Floating-Point

2. Bringing out texture (from a comment about Photoshop posted to
   PhotographyBlog.com):

	Try dodging and burning. Set burn to largish selection area and
	about strength 3 and do a couple of sweeps over reeds, trees, etc
	(set to shadows) and same with dodge (set to highlights) to pick
	out extra texure. This can be used on foliage or any similar. Play
	with results and see what you think.

3. http://www.dslreports.com/forum/remark,15173919

	Punch Up Those Photos (Gimp Style)

	A note before we begin: Its important to keep in mind Gimp treats
	the LAB colorspace very differently from Photoshop. For one, any
	changes you make will not be be visible until you do the final
	step. Gimp decomposes an image to the LAB colorspace using
	Grayscale layers, as opposed to PS's use of channels. In practice,
	this is more convenient for some operations, but less convenient
	overall. For this method... it is a bit more of a pain in the ass,
	with more steps. Here are those steps:

	1) Open Image
	2) Go to Image>Mode>Decompose
	3) Check LAB, Check Decompose to Layers, hit OK
	4) Open Layers dialog. Make only the B layer visible.
	5) Duplicate B layer, set "B Copy" to overlay (Opacity is 100%).
	6) Merge both B layers (Image>Merge Visible Layers/CTRL-M) Choose
           Expand as necessary (though other options don't make a difference
           in this case) Hit Ok.
	7) Repeat steps #4 through #6 for the "A" layer.
	8) Select "L" layer, apply a slight S curve, mostly adjusted
           towards the dark end of the curve. (GIMP's overlay is calculated
           a bit differently)
	9) Image>Mode>Recompose and Make sure you select LAB with the
           correct layer order.

	That's it, the output will still be slightly more even of an
	exposure compared with PS... not quite as dark. (This may be a 8/16
	bit side effect)
